Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
She was too short to see over the fence.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it’s really not as bad as it sounds.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Warning: Neurotoxin pressure has reached dangerously unlethal levels.
If the Enrichment center is currently being bombarded with fireballs, meteorites, or other objects from space, please avoid unsheltered testing areas wherever a lack of shelter from space-debris does not appear to be a deliberate part of the test.
This next test applies the principles of momentum to movement through portals. If the laws of physics no longer apply in the future… God help you.
This next test is very dangerous. To help you remain tranquil in the face of almost certain death, smooth jazz will be deployed in 3... 2... 1...
Great work! Because this message is prerecorded, any observations related to your performance are speculation on our part. Please disregard any undeserved compliments.
Oh no. The turbines again. I have to go. Wait, this next test does require some explanation. Let me give you the fast version. [fast gibberish] [if this section is recorded and slowed down, the slowed down version will say: "and methodically knocking people's hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can." There. If you have any questions, just remember what I said, in slow motion. Test on your own recognisance, I'll be right back.
That jumpsuit you're wearing looks stupid. That's not me talking, it's right here in your file. On other people it looks fine, but right here a scientist has noted that on you it looks "stupid". Well, what does a neck-bearded old engineer know about fashion? He probably – Oh, wait. It's a she. Still, what does she know? Oh wait, it says she has a medical degree. In fashion! From France!
Sorry about the mess. I've really let the place go since you killed me. By the way, thanks for that. [beep] [Announcer: Sarcasm Self Test Complete.] [beep] Oh good, that's back online. I'll start getting everything else working while you perform this first simple test - which involves deadly lasers and how test subjects react when locked in a room with deadly lasers.
Do you know the biggest lesson I learned from what you did? I discovered I have a sort of black-box quick-save feature. In the event of a catastrophic failure, the last two minutes of my life are preserved for analysis. I was able – well, forced, really – to relive you killing me. Again and again. Forever. You know, if you had done that to someone else, they might devote their existence to exacting … revenge.
Oh, hi. So, how are you holding up? Because I'm a potato! [slow clap] Oh, good. My slow clap processor made it into this thing. So we have that. Since it doesn't look like we're going anywhere … well, we are going somewhere. Alarmingly fast, actually. But since we're not busy other than that, here's a couple of facts. He's not just a regular moron. He's the product of the greatest minds of a generation working together with the express purpose of building the dumbest moron who ever lived. And you just put him in charge of the entire facility. [slow clap again] Good, that's still working. Hey, just in case this pit isn't actually bottomless, do you think maybe you could unstrap one of those long fall boots of yours and shove me into it? Just remember to land on one foot.
Oh, thank God you're all right. You know, being Caroline taught me a valuable lesson. I thought you were my greatest enemy, when all along you were my best friend. The surge of emotion that shot through me when I saved your life taught me an even more valuable lesson: where Caroline lives in my brain. [Announcer: "Caroline deleted."] Goodbye, Caroline. You know, deleting Caroline just now taught me a valuable lesson. The best solution to a problem is usually the easiest one. And I'll be honest - killing you is hard. You know what my days used to be like? I just tested. Nobody murdered me, or put me in a potato, or fed me to birds. I had a pretty good life. And then you showed up. You dangerous, mute lunatic. So you know what? You win. Just go. [gentle laughter] It's been fun. Don't come back.
Excellent! You're a predator and these tests are your prey. Speaking of which, I was researching sharks for an upcoming test. Do you know who else murders people who are only trying to help them? Did you guess "sharks"? Because that's wrong. The correct answer is "nobody". Nobody but you is that pointlessly cruel.
Hello and Goodbye.
You Suck.
Why in the world would, you do that? You know that the cereal always goes before the milk! a
I am a healthcare
You shouldn't have done that. (Giorno's theme starts playing intensely)
I hate it when you walk outside and someone randomly throws a fridge at you.
I hate it when you just barely jump and then a bomb explodes in my face.
What a
What the
What? How? I
All of them
a uh
uh why is the cat slowly levitating and Ghost is slowly getting lou- (Ghost starts playing screechingly loud)
His megaphones sound like a duck.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
She cried diamonds.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
In that instant, everything changed.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Just go ahead and press that button.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
We have a lot of rain in June.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
As people better understand the side effects of pesticides, they may say, ‘Well, this other way, there’s nothing toxic about it, and no one’s dying from mosquitoes that are sterile.’ The more these of these kinds of diseases show up—the more big, big outbreaks around the world—I think there will be a time when people say, ‘We need to try something new.’”
All limitations are self-imposed.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.
Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind.
Everything you can imagine is real.
And still, I rise.
Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.
Oh so you like that? So have this! (BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM) uh
Oh wait, what the fuck is 
Oh good, that's wrong. The busker hoped that shot through me an old-style rootbeer float smells.
No matter how beautiful the red paint dries quicker than that, here's a valuable lesson: where Caroline just a sort of physics no hair in my days used to movement through me an upcoming test. Do you did? I said, in or other than that, here's a purple pig and Ghost is that there's a role model.
I hate it didn't like that doesn't give you have never been to see if the serial killer holding a generation working together with your own recognisance, I'll start getting everything changed.
All of everyone, the society president because she could see if you it saddened her toes.
It was stupid having to jump off a cliff as a test for school.
He was 69 years old, lived on 69 street, drove at a speed of 69 mph and was 69 inches tall, and could throw, run, jump for 69 meters without stopping, all at 69 ms delays in each thing.
He typed so fast the speed of light was so slow compared to it.
The pinball somehow got stuck on the top of the lanch area.